Addition of a cropmark editor to the extension (#31)
mgmax/inkscape-roland-cutstudio: README.md

1. Open Inkscape, create a new blank file.
2. Open the Extensions menu, then select Roland CutStudio -> Insert Cropmarks.

> 3. ~~You now have an example file with DIN A4 pagesize and crop marks that should work on a Roland GX-24 (and hopefully many other plotters). Changing the page size and cropmark position is currently not possible.~~
>     You can edit the example file by Extensions -> Roland CutStudio -> Roland Cropmark Editor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. You now have an example file with DIN A4 pagesize and crop marks that should work on a Roland GX-24 (and hopefully many other plotters). You can change the page size and cropmark position with Extensions -> Roland CutStudio -> Roland Cropmark Editor.
```

    2. To install system-wide: open the same preferences tab. The correct folder is listed further down under 'Inkscape extensions'.
3. Restart Inkscape.

> [zip]: https://github.com/dodomarg/inkscape-roland-cutstudio/archive/refs/heads/master.zip

Reviewer: Please undo the change:
```suggestion
[zip]: https://github.com/mgmax/inkscape-roland-cutstudio/archive/refs/heads/master.zip
```
